Mr. Lam went into production
The chance of waking up is not great.
The eldest lady still needs to prepare mentally.
I know.
You go down first.
How did you test?
All security cameras have been removed.
No clues could be found.
Who did the old man meet when he returned?
What have you been through?
But...
But what?
But Thuy said
I once saw Nhi go to a dung shovel.
Uncle.
You go check to see what the teacher did intentionally.
Obeying grandpa's orders protects the safety of grandpa taking care of his children.
No one is allowed in or out of you.
You.
Vice President Long Xuyen has searched everywhere.
No clue.
Madam, it's as if the sky has disappeared.
In Long Xuyen city.
There isn't any power at all.
The one who can take me away right before my eyes.
Unless
The people who captured Shure were not Long Xuyen's forces.
This.
So what do you mean?
Made me even pretend to be a girl and pay in advance.
Perhaps he offended the Bang Dien Lam family.
Go to Bang Dien Group to find someone.